README.md, before:

# realme UI Debloater
Dear realme users, please stop debloating `com.coloros.weather.service` to prevent lock screen flicker OK? Thank you for your notice.
~~I made this debloater script to autamate debloat process for Windows user.~~

## How to Use
**For linux user**, [click here to download the shell script file](https://github.com/Hakimi0804/realmeUI-debloater/raw/main/debloat-linux.sh).
I'm pretty sure linux user are tech savvy enough to use this. If not, contact me on [discord](https://discord.gg/y4QjYY5WJE) or [telegram](t.me/Hakimi0804).
Or wait for me to write a guide.

**For Windows user**, [click here to download the batch file](https://github.com/Hakimi0804/realmeUI-debloater/raw/main/realme-UI-debloater.bat).
How to use?
- Setting up platform-tools:
  1. Download [platform-tools](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/platform-tools-latest-windows.zip) zip.
  2. Unzip it and put it on `C:\`. Do not put it on any other folder.
  3. Enable USB debugging. Find it on developer option.
  4. Connect the phone to the pc.
  5. Launch cmd and enter these command one by one:
     `cd \platform-tools`
     `adb devices` (check your phone, there should be a prompt asking you to grant USB debugging. Tick always allow and press allow.)
  6. Enter in `adb devices` again to check if your device is authorised. If you see `SERIAL_NUMBER  DEVICE` on cmd, congratulations, you've done the setup properly.

- Running the script
  1. [Download](https://github.com/Hakimi0804/realmeUI-debloater/raw/main/realme-UI-debloater.bat) the script and copy it to the platform-tools folder.
  2. From the platform-tools folder, double click the script. A cmd window should show up. Do as the prompt say, select mode that you want.
  3. That's it! Have fun debloating all those crap!

Simply execute the file, follow the instructions given, and you're good to go!

## Side Notes
- well ok i added script for linux user.
- pardon me if i sux at scripting ok.
- so why don't i add colour? well i'm too lazy to do that rn.
- readme.md fixed by [raymond](https://raymond-1227.github.io/) and ok bye

Commit message:

Added guide for linux users
Added guide for linux users, Also made a small change to the Windows guide.

README.md, after:

# realme UI Debloater
Dear realme users, please stop debloating `com.coloros.weather.service` to prevent lock screen flicker OK? Thank you for your notice.
~~I made this debloater script to autamate debloat process for Windows user.~~

## How to Use
**For linux user**, [click here to download the shell script file](https://github.com/Hakimi0804/realmeUI-debloater/raw/main/debloat-linux.sh).
How to use?
- Setting up platform-tools:
  1. Do a Google search on how to set up adb and fastboot for your linux distro.
     For example:
         Fedora: `sudo dnf install android-tools`
         Ubuntu: `sudo apt install adb fastboot` (side note: this will install a slightly outdated version of adb and fastboot. I'll soon upload script for you guys to install latest version of adb and fastboot to your Ubuntu system.)
 
 - Executing the script: 
  1. Launch terminal. Navigate to the folder where the script are.
  2. To run the script, first you need to give execute permission.
     `chmod +x debloat-linux.sh`
  3. Execute the script.
     `./debloat-linux.sh`

**For Windows user**, [click here to download the batch file](https://github.com/Hakimi0804/realmeUI-debloater/raw/main/realme-UI-debloater.bat).
How to use?
- Setting up platform-tools:
  1. Download [platform-tools](https://dl.google.com/android/repository/platform-tools-latest-windows.zip) zip.
  2. Unzip it and put it on `C:\`. Do not put it on any other folder.
  3. Enable USB debugging. Find it on developer option.
  4. Connect the phone to the pc.
  5. Launch cmd and enter these command one by one:
     `cd \platform-tools`
     `adb devices` (check your phone, there should be a prompt asking you to grant USB debugging. Tick always allow and press allow.)
  6. Enter in `adb devices` again to check if your device is authorised. If you see `SERIAL_NUMBER  DEVICE` on cmd, congratulations, you've done the setup properly.

- Executing the script:
  1. [Download](https://github.com/Hakimi0804/realmeUI-debloater/raw/main/realme-UI-debloater.bat) the script and copy it to the platform-tools folder.
  2. From the platform-tools folder, double click the script. A cmd window should show up. Do as the prompt say, select mode that you want.
  3. That's it! Have fun debloating all those crap!

Simply execute the file, follow the instructions given, and you're good to go!

## Side Notes
- well ok i added script for linux user.
- pardon me if i sux at scripting ok.
- so why don't i add colour? well i'm too lazy to do that rn.
- readme.md fixed by [raymond](https://raymond-1227.github.io/) and ok bye
